Gratitude

1. I'm grateful for the small kindnesses offered by random people. While at Subway, the sweet gal that was working said the nicest thing about how wonderful she thought it was to see kids willingly put so many veggies on their sandwiches, especially spinach, which all three of mine had done. She said that my example and obvious encouragement for eating healthy and loving veggies showed. It was SO nice to hear a compliment about such a small thing, but that had come from a year long battle over bad eating habits that I'd stood my ground and have overcome with my older two grandchildren.


2. I'm grateful for my best friend sending me daily scripture faithfully. It's a small way to show how much she cares and yes, I know she's writing a discipleship book and she's just sharing what she's reflecting on each day, but it's that she took the extra time to copy it to a text and send it. That she thought of me. And that she cares enough to take that extra time, knowing I don't have much time to reach out, but may need that scripture or just the "My bestie thought of me" to be able to make it through whatever I'm facing.


3. I'm grateful for the people in my life that have gotten to know me well enough to know that I may not be chatty, I may not reach out, and that I'm not the world's most social creature (understatement...) but that I'm still their friend, that I still love them, and that if they were ever in trouble and I could help, I'd do so in a heartbeat without expectation of anything in return. That they give me enough kindness just in reaching out every once in a while to let me know I'd been on their heart, that they'd prayed for me, that they care...and that they respect that my situation is tough to manage, especially with time. They have no expectations of me.


4. I'm grateful for mindless, stupid video games that have that cozy atmosphere, no pressure and a beautiful world of nostalgia to retreat to when I desperately need a distraction from my current problems.


5. I'm grateful for my youngest grandchild and how empathetic, kind, gentle and caring she is, especially on the toughest days with the older two girls. She prays spontaneously over situations, people and our pets. She sings her heart and feelings out, which is too cute to not bring a smile, even when my face felt like it would break if I tried to grin on my own, and her hugs are probably the best thing in the world. She is my heart.


6. I'm grateful for Brandon Lake and his newest song, Hard Fought Hallelujah, and for my favorite radio station playing it as often as they do. Thank GOD for such a song that lets me know that I'm not the only one out there.


7. I'm grateful for salad night and three kids that actually look forward to having such simple, but nourishing salads served to them. Now if they could just like their salad dressings a little less, I'd be in total bliss over this one...


8. I'm grateful for soft pillows and blankets. I haven't always had such a welcoming place to attempt to sleep and even on the nights where I struggle to fall asleep, I'm at least comfortable while my brain overthinks, while my plans disregard my bedtime notifications and while my grandkids interlope when they're fighting doing the one thing I'm sometimes desperate to do...go to sleep.


9. I'm grateful for testimony and those that are willing to share some incredible experiences so that I can share their triumphs and joy, get to praise God for all He's doing for my beloved church sis and her terrific husband and thank Him for another dose of hope that I always need.


10. I'm grateful that I've learned from hard lessons and make better choices today than I have in the past. I'm glad I don't let my feelings rule me.

11. I'm grateful that I've chosen to not respond to asynchronous communication when I'm angry. And that when I'm mad at someone, that I've decided to write out what I want to say, then wait for a day to go back and reread what I've written before sending it.

12. I'm grateful for long hot showers. Not only does it ease some of the physical pain, but the relaxation of just letting the water run down my back has such a soothing effect overall.

13. I'm grateful that I made a mistake and forgot to cancel my membership to Aura. The yearly charge SUCKED. But I get so much out of that app, it's hard to complain after I've made the sacrifices necessary to overcome the huge dent in my finances.

14. I'm grateful for the rare moments when I am either part of or witness a win-win situation. This is especially true when it's one between my older two grandchildren that don't get along, and that they cooperated with each other, created a win-win for themselves, without a single prompt from me. WOW that was a great morning moment!!

15. I'm grateful when whatever devotional I read seems to align exactly with whatever has been happening or is bugging me. It feels like it was meant for me, like a gentle message from God that He knew I'd need that encouragement today. I feel seen in those moments.

16. I'm grateful for reminders that I could always be in worse circumstances, especially when I'm given the rare opportunity to serve the person that I see that has reminded me of that fact. I miss my ministry, but I still get some of those moments from time to time when I don't have children to think about and their safety needs superseding whatever has hurt my heart to witness. Those are true blessings. 

17. I'm grateful that I've had to become so resourceful and independent. I find some of the most incredible things and tidbits of knowledge to overcome some of the toughest things in my life and make things a little bit easier. Today I found a cleaning hack that worked so well and cut a job that would have taken at least an hour into a 10 minute, half the effort type of thing. 

18. I'm grateful that I'm not social. My household has enough drama. Socialization only creates more of it. No. Thank. You. And today, I'm not made to feel wrong for not wanting to make friends or go hang out or spend time I don't have on phone calls, texts or conversations.

19. I'm grateful for my cats, Jax and Orion. Between the loyalty, antics and snuggles, they are priceless. 

20. I'm grateful for my ex-boss, Josh, and how he taught me so much about software. I'm also grateful that he managed to recover from alcoholism and is gearing up to relaunch a new business soon. I'm glad to still get to witness how resilience and focus can help someone turn everything around.

21. I'm grateful for the words of random strangers on an online forum that solidified everything I'd been thinking about a situation with my mother, for that forum itself because I can respond to questions that I want to, when I want to (or when I can) and receive unbiased feedback from people that have no investment in my life, my choices or whatever I'm struggling with. To get reinforcement from people that have nothing to gain means I've gotten opinions that are truly felt, encouragement on things where nobody can benefit from my outcomes, and there's no possibility for manipulation. And when I see the same sentiment that I'm already feeling expressed by several others, globally, I feel stronger in my resolve.